#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --allow-unsafe requirements.in
#
aiobotocore==1.3.0
    # via s3fs
aiohttp==3.7.4.post0
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   gcsfs
aioitertools==0.7.1
    # via aiobotocore
altair==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
anyio==2.2.0
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==20.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
arviz==0.11.2
    # via pymc3
async-generator==1.10
    # via nbclient
async-timeout==3.0.1
    # via aiohttp
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
babel==2.9.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
bleach==3.3.0
    # via nbconvert
botocore==1.20.49
    # via aiobotocore
cachetools==4.2.1
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   pymc3
census==0.8.17
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via requests
cffi==1.14.5
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   google-crc32c
cftime==1.4.1
    # via netcdf4
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
cycler==0.10.0
    # via matplotlib
decorator==5.0.7
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via jupyter-packaging
dill==0.3.3
    # via pymc3
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   nbconvert
fastprogress==1.0.0
    # via pymc3
filelock==3.0.12
    # via theano-pymc
fsspec==2021.04.0
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   s3fs
fuzzywuzzy==0.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gcsfs==2021.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core==1.26.3
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
google-api-python-client==2.2.0
    # via pygsheets
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.4
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   pygsheets
google-auth==1.29.0
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-core==1.6.0
    # via google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==1.37.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-crc32c==1.1.2
    # via google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==1.2.0
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.53.0
    # via google-api-core
httplib2==0.19.1
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
ipykernel==5.5.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
    #   traitlets
ipython==7.22.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipywidgets==7.6.3
    # via jupyter
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
jellyfish==0.6.1
    # via us
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via botocore
joblib==1.0.1
    # via
    #   mlxtend
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.5
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==6.1.12
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.0
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==4.7.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-packaging==0.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
jupyter-server==1.6.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.4.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.0
    # via ipywidgets
jupyterlab==3.0.14
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arviz
    #   mlxtend
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
mlxtend==0.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
multidict==5.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
nameparser==1.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
nbclassic==0.2.7
    # via jupyterlab
nbclient==0.5.3
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.0.7
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.1
    # via nbclient
netcdf4==1.5.6
    # via arviz
notebook==6.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   nbclassic
    #   widgetsnbextension
numpy==1.20.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   arviz
    #   cftime
    #   fastprogress
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlxtend
    #   netcdf4
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   pymc3
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   theano-pymc
    #   xarray
    #   xgboost
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
packaging==20.9
    # via
    #   arviz
    #   bleach
    #   deprecation
    #   google-api-core
    #   jupyter-packaging
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
pandas==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   arviz
    #   mlxtend
    #   pymc3
    #   xarray
pandocfilters==1.4.3
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.2
    # via jedi
patsy==0.5.1
    # via pymc3
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.2.0
    # via matplotlib
prometheus-client==0.10.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.18
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==3.15.8
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pygments==2.8.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pygsheets==2.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pymc3==3.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==0.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-levenshtein==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   google-api-core
    #   pandas
pyzmq==22.0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.0.3
    # via jupyter
qtpy==1.9.0
    # via qtconsole
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   census
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-oauthlib
rsa==4.7.2
    # via google-auth
s3fs==2021.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
schedule==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==0.24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlxtend
scipy==1.6.2
    # via
    #   arviz
    #   mlxtend
    #   pymc3
    #   scikit-learn
    #   theano-pymc
    #   xgboost
semver==2.13.0
    # via pymc3
send2trash==1.5.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   bleach
    #   cycler
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-resumable-media
    #   jsonschema
    #   patsy
    #   protobuf
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via anyio
terminado==0.9.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
testpath==0.4.4
    # via nbconvert
theano-pymc==1.1.2
    # via pymc3
threadpoolctl==2.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tomlkit==0.7.0
    # via jupyter-packaging
toolz==0.11.1
    # via altair
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.0.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aioitertools
    #   arviz
    #   pymc3
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.4
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
us==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
wheel==0.36.2
    # via jupyter-packaging
widgetsnbextension==3.5.1
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via aiobotocore
xarray==0.17.0
    # via arviz
xgboost==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.6.3
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
setuptools==56.0.0
    # via
    #   arviz
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth
    #   ipython
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-packaging
    #   mlxtend
    #   python-levenshtein
    #   xarray
